hey everyone
take your buzz here just thought I'd
make a video of the finished product I
made a trip to Home Depot about some
cypress mulch blended it up with some
other stuff like my cocoa husk a little
bit of soil some of that mm-hmm and
this is the finished product I put my
rep defogger and there's a preview of so
back for a sick and now let's go down to
his view all right I let the humidifier
thing rep defogger run for 15 minutes a
day sometimes more it just depends on
the situation and sobic has a little bit
left at like the base it like the very
bottom of this tail left to shed so I'm
going to let that run for now I got a
10-point o rep D whatever UVB bulb then
to power Suns one down there one down
there as shown in the previous video
there so BEC just fed him he's real
happy
he loves this new cage I got his water
dish I bought some plants just I know
he's gonna rip them up but it's just to
make the cage look nice look he's coming
right up to me see the the glass is
closed oh look he's not even used to me
being at eye level so yes that's why
he's kind of confused look clearly this
guy is what the why am I so low now
you know you'd probably like jump in my
face right now if this was this was open
but this is sobic this is the new cage
it's from boa master it's an 8 by 3 by 2
and a half something like that I think
the measurements are a little off but so
big deal alright this is since there are
no hides big enough that I could find at
a pet store I kind of took my sister's
cat carrier thing and took the top off
and I put the bottom of it in there and
it's big enough he could fit in there he
was shown in there earlier I got to
basking spots one down there one down
there this is like a very humid side he
likes to stay on this side more and yeah
this is the top view let's see
some gloves they're just gardening
gloves so you could still break my
finger through those so it's nothing I
just use that when I'm cutting his nails
sometimes when I want to hold them for
long periods of time I'll use the gloves
he likes to dig his nails into them and
then these are two old bricks from his
old enclosure which I didn't put back in
this one and don't find the need to and
yeah rate comment subscribe
take your buzz out